https://simtk-confluence.stanford.edu/display/OpenSim/Examples+and+Tutorials 

关键技术：

* \*.mot 文件的结构
* plot可以绘制针对当前姿态下的曲线；和mot文件控制下的运动曲线

In this section of the tutorial, you will use OpenSim to investigate a possible cause of crouch gait, one of the most common walking abnormalities among individuals with cerebral palsy. It is characterized by excessive flexion of the knee during stance phase, which is often accompanied by exaggerated flexion and internal rotation of the hip. One hypothesized cause of crouch gait is short hamstrings, and orthopedic surgeons will sometimes lengthen the hamstrings of such patients in an attempt to improve their posture and gait. However, other causes of excessive knee flexion are possible (e.g. weak ankle plantarflexors), and lengthening the hamstrings can compromise these muscles' force-generation capabilities [3]. How can a surgeon determine whether a hamstring lengthening procedure is warranted? 

One possible way to judge whether a patient's hamstrings are shorter than "normal" is to develop a musculoskeletal model and compare the length of the hamstrings during the patient's crouch gait cycle to the length of the hamstrings during a normal gait cycle. Suppose that an orthopaedic surgeon has brought you some kinematic data for a patient who walks with a crouch gait. The surgeon is contemplating whether to operate and wants your opinion.  

1. Loading a Model
File - Open Model - gait2392_simbody.osim

pelvis 骨盆
lumbar 腰椎
subtalar 足部距下关节
wrapping points  wrapping point.png

For some muscles, two points, the muscle origin and insertion, are sufficient to describe the muscle path.

some muscles can be represented by multiple lines. In this model, the gluteus medius is an example (e.g., glut_med1_r, glut_med2_r, glut_med3_r).

2. Tools - Plot. 

2.1 fiber-length vs angle
Y-Quantity = fiber-length.
Muscles = rect_fem_r ,vas_int_r
X-Quantity = knee_angle_r
Properties-Title = Fiber-Length vs. Knee Angle

click Add

2.2 Muscle Moment Arm vs Joint Angle
Y-Quantity = moment arm > knee_angle_r
X-Quantity = knee_angle_r.
Muscles = rectus femoris (rect_fem_r) and vastus intermedius (vas_int_r)

click Add

3. motion

File - Load Motion =  Gait2392\Tutorial1\Normal.mot

Rename Navigator pane which does not affect the file name of the model.

* Plot knee angle degree

    Y-Quantity = normal_gait-knee_angle_r
    X-Quantity = normal_gait
    click Add

    Y-Quantity = crouch1_gait (Deg.)-knee_angle_r
    X-Quantity = crouch1_gait
    click Add

* Hamstrings Length

    Y-Quantity = muscle-tendon length
    X-Quantity = normal_gait (Deg.).
    Muscles = semiten_r 
    click Add
    
    Y-Quantity = muscle-tendon length
    X-Quantity = normal_gait (Deg.).
    Muscles = semiten_r 
    click Add
