https://simtk-confluence.stanford.edu/display/OpenSim/Examples+and+Tutorials

关键技术：

* Become familiar with a wrist model and OpenSim's Property Editor
* Simulate a tendon transfer surgery
* Examine the effects of the surgery on joint moment, muscle force, and muscle moment arm
* Investigate the effect of tendon slack length on isometric muscle force


Spinal cord injury at the level of the cervical spine causes a loss of hand function. In some patients, the ability to grasp and release objects may be restored through electrical stimulation of paralyzed muscles, called functional electrical stimulation (FES). However, FES is only feasible in those muscles where the connection between the nervous system and the muscle remains intact within the muscle. In many cases, the muscles that perform the desired functions (e.g., finger flexion, thumb abduction) have been damaged too greatly to respond to FES. In addition, there is often a loss of balance at the wrist joint, causing the wrist to remain in a flexed and ulnarly deviated position [3]. In these situations, tendon transfers are performed to i) alter the paths of muscles that do respond to FES to locations where they can enhance hand function, and ii) restore a more functional configuration of the wrist joint so that grasp and release tasks can be accomplished.

In this section of the tutorial, you will transfer the ECU tendon to the ECRB tendon and evaluate the mechanism by which this tendon transfer restores balance to the wrist.
将 ECU 肌腱转移到 ECRB 处的肌腱中

1. Loading a Model
File - Open Model - WristModel/wrist.osim 位于安装目录的model中

2. Tendon transfer surgery

3. evaluation surgery - Plot. 

> Now you will investigate the effect of the transfer on wrist extensor strength by creating plots of the maximum isometric wrist moments before and after the simulated surgery.

3.1 Wrist Flexion Moment vs. Flexion Angle  / Before Surgery
Y-Quantity = moment > flexion.
Muscles = model > extensors group //De-select the ECU_post-surgery muscle, check the sum only checkbox.
X-Quantity = flexion
Curve Name = Before Surgery
Properties-Title = Wrist Flexion Moment vs. Flexion Angle

click Add

3.2 Wrist Flexion Moment vs. Flexion Angle  / After Surgery
Y-Quantity = moment > flexion.
Muscles = model > extensors group //De-select the ECU_pre-surgery muscle, check the sum only checkbox.
X-Quantity = flexion
Curve Name = After Surgery

click Add

3.3 Wrist Deviation Moment vs. Deviation Angle

Y-Quantity = moment > deviation
Muscles = moment > ulnar deviators group // check the sum only checkbox.  De-select the ECU_post-surgery muscle
X-Quantity = deviation
Curve Name = Before Surgery
click Add

Muscles = moment > ulnar deviators group // check the sum only checkbox.  De-select the ECU_pre-surgery muscle
Curve Name = After Surgery
click Add

4. The Effect of Tendon Slack Length on the Isometric Force-Angle Curve

Tendon slack length is the length at which the tendon begins to generate force.

ECRB   tendon_slack_length   0.2205->0.2105

